fix: codegen based event sourced shopping cart (#27)
lightbend/akkaserverless-javascript-sdk: samples/js-eventsourced-shopping-cart/README.md

# Shopping Cart example (using an Event Sourced Entity)

Welcome to the project generated by Akka Serverless code generation tools! The tools have generated a project, an example Akka Serverless service, and tests. You can modify the project with your own logic. When you rebuild, the tools will generate implementation and test stubs to accelerate development.

## Prerequisites

No additional tooling is required to develop locally. To package and deploy to Akka Serverless, you will need the following:

- Docker; see https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/
- Akka Serverless CLI (`akkasls`); see https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/getting-started/set-up-development-env.html#_akka_serverless_cli

## Project overview

Take a look at what the tools generated for you:

> - The top level directory, `my-entity`, contains build and packaging configuration, which are described in more detail below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The top level directory, `js-eventsourced-shopping-cart`, contains build and packaging configuration, which are described in more detail below.
```

- The `proto` folder contains `protobuf` descriptors written in the [Proto3](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/proto3) Protocol Buffers Language. The `.proto` files in this folder specify messages describing the external APIs for your service as well as the internal data structures.  

> - The `scr` folder contains a starter Event Sourced Entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `src` folder contains a starter Event Sourced Entity.
```

Not sure this should even be in the template README.
